README.md, before:

# Human Reader

A Chrome extension that uses the elevenlabs.io API to let you listen to any text on the web. Any feedback or contributions are welcome!

The extension is available here: https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/human-reader/klohmfhfijipahknljjelpfgjpmandmg

Check out the demo here:

[![Thumbnail for video](images/thumbnail.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7fsviz4Fm8)

## **Changelog:**


### Version 1.6 -  [PR](https://github.com/sebhs/human-reader-chrome-extension/pull/31)
New features: 
- Allowing users to stop audio from playing
- Adding support for Turbo v2.5

### Version 1.3 -  [PR](https://github.com/sebhs/human-reader-chrome-extension/pull/24)
New features: 
- Start reading text from context menu (helpful if play button doesn't show up). Implemented by @Protonosgit. Thank you :) 
- Add MIT license


### Version 1.2 - [PR](https://github.com/sebhs/human-reader-chrome-extension/pull/8)

New features:

- Auto-sync voice library - no need to click "Sync" anymore, it happens in the background
- Speed slider - set the playback speed from 0.5x to 2.5x
- Much lower latency - using the stream endpoint to improve performance and lower latency

### Version 1.1

New Features

- Improved onboarding experience, making it easier to get started
- Synchronization with Elevenlabs voice library

### Version 1.0

Initial release includes features:

- Select any text on the web and play audio using Elevenlabs API
- Set ID of a voice you want to use
- Select between fast mode (English only), or multilingual mode

Commit message:

Update README with Minimax changelog

README.md, after:

# Human Reader

A Chrome extension that uses the elevenlabs.io API to let you listen to any text on the web. Any feedback or contributions are welcome!

The extension is available here: https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/human-reader/klohmfhfijipahknljjelpfgjpmandmg

Check out the demo here:

[![Thumbnail for video](images/thumbnail.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7fsviz4Fm8)

## **Changelog:**


### Version 1.9 - Minimax TTS Support
New features:
- Added **Minimax** as a third TTS provider (alongside ElevenLabs and OpenAI)
- Added model dropdown for Minimax (speech-2.8-hd, speech-2.8-turbo, etc.)
- Added voice selection dropdown with 15 Minimax voices

**⚠️ Note:** After changing the model or voice in settings, you must **refresh the web page** where you want to use text-to-speech for the changes to take effect.

### Version 1.6 -  [PR](https://github.com/sebhs/human-reader-chrome-extension/pull/31)
New features: 
- Allowing users to stop audio from playing
- Adding support for Turbo v2.5

### Version 1.3 -  [PR](https://github.com/sebhs/human-reader-chrome-extension/pull/24)
New features: 
- Start reading text from context menu (helpful if play button doesn't show up). Implemented by @Protonosgit. Thank you :) 
- Add MIT license


### Version 1.2 - [PR](https://github.com/sebhs/human-reader-chrome-extension/pull/8)

New features:

- Auto-sync voice library - no need to click "Sync" anymore, it happens in the background
- Speed slider - set the playback speed from 0.5x to 2.5x
- Much lower latency - using the stream endpoint to improve performance and lower latency

### Version 1.1

New Features

- Improved onboarding experience, making it easier to get started
- Synchronization with Elevenlabs voice library

### Version 1.0

Initial release includes features:

- Select any text on the web and play audio using Elevenlabs API
- Set ID of a voice you want to use
- Select between fast mode (English only), or multilingual mode
